The destruction in France was on an altogether more significant scale,
not only as regards the length of the battle line, but also on account
of the immensely deeper area of country over which the battle swayed
from time to time. It is a popular delusion to think of Belgium as the
principal victim of the war; it will turn out, I believe, that taking
account of casualties, loss of property and burden of future debt,
Belgium has made the least relative sacrifice of all the belligerents
except the United States. Of the Allies, Serbia's sufferings and loss
have been proportionately the greatest, and after Serbia, France. France
in all essentials was just as much the victim of German ambition as was
Belgium, and France's entry into the war was just as unavoidable.
France, in my judgment, in spite of her policy at the Peace Conference,
a policy largely traceable to her sufferings, has the greatest claims on
our generosity.

The sum of the whole is that the beer brewing business has within
a short time increased immensely—and strictly on the more general
recognition of the merits of the product—and that there is every
reason to anticipate at least an equal increase in the near future.
Beer is already taking the place of ardent spirits and mixed drinks,
and not long ago there appeared in the New York _Sun_ the complaint of
a bar-keeper who said in substance that the occupation of a skilled
compounder of fancy drinks was gone, for anybody could draw beer and
beer was what everybody wanted. Large gatherings now are more orderly
than a few years ago and the reason is to be found in the general use
of beer instead of whisky. At Coney Island the proprietors speak of
the change as wonderful, and say that but for beer they could not get
on, while now a disorderly occurrence is rare, no matter how great the
throng. The same thing may be seen at the various races and in all such
great assemblages of people who gather for enjoyment, and under the old
regime were sure to become riotous.

The relation between wages and other conditions of employment, on the
one hand, and efficiency of labour or size of product on the other, is
clearly one of mutual determination. Every rise in wages, leisure, and
in general standard of comfort will increase the efficiency of labour;
every increased efficiency, whether due directly to these or to other
causes, will enable higher wages to be paid and shorter hours to be
worked.

The keystone of the whole structure is, in fact, the system provided for
judicial control—the most unique contribution to the science of
government which has been made by American political genius. It is
claimed by some recent writers that it was not the intention of the
framers of the Constitution to confer upon the Supreme Court the power
of passing upon the constitutionality of statutes enacted by Congress;
but in view of the evidence on the other side, it is incumbent upon
those who make this assertion to bring forward positive evidence to the
effect that judicial control was not a part of the Philadelphia
programme. Certainly, the authors of The Federalist entertained
no doubts on the point, and they conceived it to be such an excellent
principle that they were careful to explain it to the electors to whom
they addressed their arguments.

When there is a general public interest in the stock market, an immense
amount of realizing will often be absorbed within three or four days or
a week, after which the deluge; but if speculation is narrow, prices
may remain around top figures for weeks or months, while big holdings
are fed out, a few hundred shares here and a few hundred there, and
even then a balance may be left to be thrown over on the ensuing
decline at whatever prices can be obtained. Great speculative leaders
are far from infallible. They have often sold out too soon and later
have seen the market run away to unexpected heights, or have held on
too long and have suffered severe losses before they could get out.

As I believe that our domestic animals were originally chosen by
uncivilised man because they were useful and bred readily under
confinement, and not because they were subsequently found capable of
far-extended transportation, I think the common and extraordinary
capacity in our domestic animals of not only withstanding the most
different climates but of being perfectly
fertile (a far severer test) under them, may be used as an argument
that a large proportion of other animals, now in a state of nature,
could easily be brought to bear widely different climates. We must not,
however, push the foregoing argument too far, on account of the
probable origin of some of our domestic animals from several wild
stocks: the blood, for instance, of a tropical and arctic wolf or wild
dog may perhaps be mingled in our domestic breeds. The rat and mouse
cannot be considered as domestic animals, but they have been
transported by man to many parts of the world, and now have a far wider
range than any other rodent, living free under the cold climate of
Faroe in the north and of the Falklands in the south, and on many
islands in the torrid zones. Hence I am inclined to look at adaptation
to any special climate as a quality readily grafted on an innate wide
flexibility of constitution, which is common to most animals. On this
view, the capacity of enduring the most different climates by man
himself and by his domestic animals, and such facts as that former
species of the elephant and rhinoceros were capable of enduring a
glacial climate, whereas the living species are now all tropical or
sub-tropical in their habits, ought not to be looked at as anomalies,
but merely as examples of a very common flexibility of constitution,
brought, under peculiar circumstances, into play.

These are delicate, elongate, long-legged beetles, with weak
integument, and are closely allied to the TENEBRIONIDAE, only differing
from them in having comb-like or pectinate claws on the tarsi; and
their larvae are like wireworms. The Genus Atractus comprises a
number of slender beetles of bright metallic tints common upon the
flowering shrubs in summer; Atractus viridis, ½ an inch in length,
is bright metallic green, with the thorax and shoulders tinted with
coppery red, the wing covers deeply marked with punctured striae. A.
virescens is a smaller species with a more dull metallic coppery
tint. The members of the Genus Allecula are larger beetles, with
long slender legs and antennae, shining brown or black in colour,
with finely striated elytra; the larvae are slender, dark, shining
brown wireworms living in decaying wood. Allecula subsulcata is
slightly over ½ an inch in length, of a uniform black colour, with the
last three joints of the antennae and the last two of the tarsi pale
ferruginous. The larvae breed in the rotten stems of dead grass trees,
and the beetles are generally found hiding among the foliage.

First, let me explain that in the manner of feeding, snakes may
be divided into three classes, viz. those that kill their prey by
constriction or by smothering it in the coils of their body; those
that kill by poison; and some smaller kinds, which, like the ring
snake, eat it alive—the latter a quick process, which may also be
said to be death by suffocation. Our little Coluber is in a spot where
we can watch it easily; so we keep rigidly still, and soon perceive
that though the snake just now had hold of froggie’s side, he now has
the head in his mouth. How can this be? and how has he managed to
shift it thus, almost imperceptibly, while seeming to hold it still?
Now the head begins to disappear, and the snake’s jaws stretch in a
most distorted fashion, as if dislocated; its head expands out of all
original shape, while slowly, slowly, the frog is drawn in as if by
suction. Now its legs are passive; they no longer kick right and left,
but lie parallel, as by degrees they also vanish, and only the four
feet remain in sight. These presently have been sucked in, and the
skin of the snake is stretched like a knitted stocking over the lump
which tells us just how far down Coluber’s neck the frog has reached.
Gradually the lump gets farther and farther down, but is less evident
as it reaches the larger part of the body. The snake remains still for
a few moments till his jaws are comfortably in place again; then he
yawns once or twice, and finally retires for his siesta, and we to the
bookshelves.

What bearing has the appearance of these new types of Drosophila on the
theory of evolution may be asked. The objection has been raised in fact
that in the breeding work with Drosophila we are dealing with artificial
and unnatural conditions. It has been more than implied that results
obtained from the breeding pen, the seed pan, the flower pot and the milk
bottle do not apply to evolution in the "open", nature "at large" or to
"wild" types. To be consistent, this same objection should be extended to
the use of the spectroscope in the study of the evolution of the stars, to
the use of the test tube and the balance by the chemist, of the
galvanometer by the physicist. All these are unnatural instruments used to
torture Nature's secrets from her. I venture to think that the real
antithesis is not between unnatural and natural treatment of Nature, but
rather between controlled or verifiable data on the one hand, and
unrestrained generalization on the other.

In the life of every normal human there comes a time when he wishes to
make a collection of some kind. It may be a collection of coins, postage
stamps, post-cards, shells, relics, birds' eggs, pressed flowers or
insects. If the child grows up in the country, the result of this
craving is usually three or four cigar boxes of insects or an almanac or
geography stuffed with the most attractive wild flowers of the field. A
collection of this sort may be small and poorly kept and yet it is worth
while. In later life one will search in his mother's closet or attic
for the old cigar boxes which contain the remains of youthful efforts,
usually a mass of gaudy wings, fragments of insect legs and bodies and a
few rusty pins. This desire to make a collection is natural and should
be encouraged in the child. It tends to make him observe closely and
creates an interest in things about him, and if properly directed it
will add a store of information which can be gotten in no other way.

The danger of the disease varies greatly in different epidemics;
statements regarding this point diverge according as we refer to the
statistical records of hospitals or to the private practice of
physicians. With the latter the number of deaths is smaller, since
persons suffering from the disease in mild form less often go to the
hospitals. Epidemics in which a quarter of the patients, and even more,
have succumbed have frequently occurred, especially in war times, during
famines, &c. The cause (infective agent) of typhus fever is not known;
according to recent investigations it is spread by vermin; Ricketts and
others have fixed responsibility for it upon the body louse. The
infection is communicated from man to man, and very often it is
contracted from the clothes, linen, and other effects of typhus
patients. Recovery from the disease usually renders a person immune
against a second attack. Typhus fever frequently appears nowadays in the
eastern and south-eastern parts of Europe, in Hungary and Galicia, and
also in Spain, Italy, and Ireland.

The infection is not direct, that is, the tick does not feed on one
host then pass to another carrying the disease germs with it. Unlike
many other ticks the Texas fever tick does not leave its host until it
is fully developed. When the female is full grown and gorged she drops
to the ground and lays from 2,000 to 4,000 eggs which soon hatch into
the minute "seed-ticks" which make their way to the nearest blade of
grass or weed or shrub and patiently wait for the cattle to come along.

Mentally take the attitude of being well, and do not say anything or do
anything which contradicts this attitude. Never speak a word or assume a
physical attitude which does not harmonize with the claim: "I am
perfectly well." When you walk, go with a brisk step, and with your
chest thrown out and your head held up; watch that at all times your
physical actions and attitudes are those of a healthy person. When you
find that you have relapsed into the attitude of weakness or disease,
change instantly; straighten up; think of health and power. Refuse to
consider yourself as other than a perfectly healthy person.

The saddest cases among the wounded were those on the stretchers, and
the stretchers were lying on the ground everywhere, and on each was a
soldier who had been "hard hit."  Some of those on the stretchers were
already dead, and some kindly hand had drawn a jacket over the poor,
dust-stained face. One or two were delirious, and had rolled off their
stretchers on to the ground; others were strangely silent, and at most
were trying to shade their eyes from the blinding sun.  One man, who was
paralysed below the waist from a shot in the spine, was repeatedly
raising up his head in order to look with persisting wonder and
curiosity at limbs which he could not move and in which he could not
feel. Here and there groups of dusty men, who had been but slightly
wounded, were sitting on the ground together, too tired and too
depressed even to talk, or at most muttering a word or two now and then
in a whisper.

The human automobile is not only astonishingly well built, with all the
improvements that hundreds of thousands of generations of experience
have been able to suggest, but it is self-repairing, self-cleaning, and
self-improving. It never lets itself get out of date. If only given an
adequate supply of fuel and water and not driven too hard, it will stand
an astonishing amount of knocking about in all kinds of weather,
repairing itself and recharging its batteries every night, supplying its
own oil, its own paint and polish, and even regulating its own changes
of gear, according to the nature of the work it has to do. Simply as an
endurance racer it is the toughest and longest-winded thing on earth
and can run down and tire out every paw, pad, or hoof that strikes the
ground--wolf, deer, horse, antelope, wild goat. This is only a sample of
its toughness and resisting power all along the line.

As he spoke the gleam of the sidelights of a carriage came round the
curve of the avenue. It was a smart little landau which rattled up to
the door of Briony Lodge. As it pulled up, one of the loafing men at
the corner dashed forward to open the door in the hope of earning a
copper, but was elbowed away by another loafer, who had rushed up with
the same intention. A fierce quarrel broke out, which was increased by
the two guardsmen, who took sides with one of the loungers, and by the
scissors-grinder, who was equally hot upon the other side. A blow was
struck, and in an instant the lady, who had stepped from her carriage,
was the centre of a little knot of flushed and struggling men, who
struck savagely at each other with their fists and sticks. Holmes
dashed into the crowd to protect the lady; but, just as he reached her,
he gave a cry and dropped to the ground, with the blood running freely
down his face. At his fall the guardsmen took to their heels in one
direction and the loungers in the other, while a number of better
dressed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it,
crowded in to help the lady and to attend to the injured man. Irene
Adler, as I will still call her, had hurried up the steps; but she
stood at the top with her superb figure outlined against the lights of
the hall, looking back into the street.

It was late in the afternoon, when Mr. Utterson found his way to Dr.
Jekyll’s door, where he was at once admitted by Poole, and carried down
by the kitchen offices and across a yard which had once been a garden,
to the building which was indifferently known as the laboratory or
dissecting rooms. The doctor had bought the house from the heirs of a
celebrated surgeon; and his own tastes being rather chemical than
anatomical, had changed the destination of the block at the bottom of
the garden. It was the first time that the lawyer had been received in
that part of his friend’s quarters; and he eyed the dingy, windowless
structure with curiosity, and gazed round with a distasteful sense of
strangeness as he crossed the theatre, once crowded with eager students
and now lying gaunt and silent, the tables laden with chemical
apparatus, the floor strewn with crates and littered with packing
straw, and the light falling dimly through the foggy cupola. At the
further end, a flight of stairs mounted to a door covered with red
baize; and through this, Mr. Utterson was at last received into the
doctor’s cabinet. It was a large room fitted round with glass presses,
furnished, among other things, with a cheval-glass and a business
table, and looking out upon the court by three dusty windows barred
with iron. The fire burned in the grate; a lamp was set lighted on the
chimney shelf, for even in the houses the fog began to lie thickly; and
there, close up to the warmth, sat Dr. Jekyll, looking deathly sick. He
did not rise to meet his visitor, but held out a cold hand and bade him
welcome in a changed voice.

In a natural glade of the swamp stood a grassy island of perhaps an
acre's extent, clear of trees and tolerably dry. On this now leaped and
twisted a more indescribable horde of human abnormality than any but a
Sime or an Angarola could paint. Void of clothing, this hybrid spawn
were braying, bellowing and writhing about a monstrous ring-shaped
bonfire; in the center of which, revealed by occasional rifts in the
curtain of flame, stood a great granite monolith some eight feet in
height; on top of which, incongruous in its diminutiveness, rested the
noxious carven statuette. From a wide circle of ten scaffolds set up
at regular intervals with the flame-girt monolith as a center hung,
head downward, the oddly marred bodies of the helpless squatters who
had disappeared. It was inside this circle that the ring of worshipers
jumped and roared, the general direction of the mass motion being from
left to right in endless bacchanale between the ring of bodies and the
ring of fire.

Then a dog began to howl somewhere in a farmhouse far down the road--a
long, agonised wailing, as if from fear. The sound was taken up by
another dog, and then another and another, till, borne on the wind
which now sighed softly through the Pass, a wild howling began, which
seemed to come from all over the country, as far as the imagination
could grasp it through the gloom of the night. At the first howl
the horses began to strain and rear, but the driver spoke to them
soothingly, and they quieted down, but shivered and sweated as though
after a runaway from sudden fright. Then, far off in the distance,
from the mountains on each side of us began a louder and sharper
howling--that of wolves--which affected both the horses and myself in
the same way--for I was minded to jump from the calèche and run, whilst
they reared again and plunged madly, so that the driver had to use
all his great strength to keep them from bolting. In a few minutes,
however, my own ears got accustomed to the sound, and the horses so far
became quiet that the driver was able to descend and to stand before
them. He petted and soothed them, and whispered something in their
ears, as I have heard of horse-tamers doing, and with extraordinary
effect, for under his caresses they became quite manageable again,
though they still trembled. The driver again took his seat, and shaking
his reins, started off at a great pace. This time, after going to the
far side of the Pass, he suddenly turned down a narrow roadway which
ran sharply to the right.

The Duke stood for a while staring thoughtfully at the door through
which Sonia had passed, a faint smile playing round his lips. He
crossed the hall to the Chippendale bureau, took a cigarette from a box
which stood on the ledge of it, beside the morocco case which held the
pendant, lighted it, and went slowly out on to the terrace. He crossed
it slowly, paused for a moment on the edge of it, and looked across the
stretch of country with musing eyes, which saw nothing of its beauty.
Then he turned to the right, went down a flight of steps to the lower
terrace, crossed the lawn, and took a narrow path which led into the
heart of a shrubbery of tall deodoras. In the middle of it he came to
one of those old stone benches, moss-covered and weather-stained, which
adorn the gardens of so many French châteaux. It faced a marble basin
from which rose the slender column of a pattering fountain. The figure
of a Cupid danced joyously on a tall pedestal to the right of the
basin. The Duke sat down on the bench, and was still, with that rare
stillness which only comes of nerves in perfect harmony, his brow
knitted in careful thought. Now and again the frown cleared from his
face, and his intent features relaxed into a faint smile, a smile of
pleasant memory. Once he rose, walked round the fountains frowning,
came back to the bench, and sat down again. The early September dusk
was upon him when at last he rose and with quick steps took his way
through the shrubbery, with the air of a man whose mind, for good or
ill, was at last made up.

A good deal of hammering went on before the curtain rose again; but when
it became evident what a masterpiece of stage-carpentering had been got
up, no one murmured at the delay. It was truly superb! A tower rose to
the ceiling; half-way up appeared a window, with a lamp burning at it,
and behind the white curtain appeared Zara in a lovely blue and silver
dress, waiting for Roderigo. He came in gorgeous array, with plumed cap,
red cloak, chestnut love-locks, a guitar, and the boots, of course.
Kneeling at the foot of the tower, he sang a serenade in melting tones.
Zara replied, and, after a musical dialogue, consented to fly. Then came
the grand effect of the play. Roderigo produced a rope-ladder, with five
steps to it, threw up one end, and invited Zara to descend. Timidly she
crept from her lattice, put her hand on Roderigo's shoulder, and was
about to leap gracefully down, when, "Alas! alas for Zara!" she forgot
her train,--it caught in the window; the tower tottered, leaned forward,
fell with a crash, and buried the unhappy lovers in the ruins!

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get
out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright
flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head
through the doorway; “and even if my head would go through,” thought
poor Alice, “it would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh,
how I wish I could shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only
knew how to begin.” For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had
happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things
indeed were really impossible.

Meanwhile the fog and darkness thickened so, that
people ran about with flaring links, proffering their
services to go before horses in carriages, and conduct
them on their way. The ancient tower of a church,
whose gruff old bell was always peeping slily down
at Scrooge out of a Gothic window in the wall, became
invisible, and struck the hours and quarters in the
clouds, with tremulous vibrations afterwards as if
its teeth were chattering in its frozen head up there.
The cold became intense. In the main street, at the
corner of the court, some labourers were repairing
the gas-pipes, and had lighted a great fire in a brazier,
round which a party of ragged men and boys were
gathered: warming their hands and winking their
eyes before the blaze in rapture. The water-plug
being left in solitude, its overflowings sullenly congealed,
and turned to misanthropic ice. The brightness
of the shops where holly sprigs and berries
crackled in the lamp heat of the windows, made pale
faces ruddy as they passed. Poulterers' and grocers'
trades became a splendid joke: a glorious pageant,
with which it was next to impossible to believe that
such dull principles as bargain and sale had anything
to do. The Lord Mayor, in the stronghold of the
mighty Mansion House, gave orders to his fifty cooks
and butlers to keep Christmas as a Lord Mayor's
household should; and even the little tailor, whom he
had fined five shillings on the previous Monday for
being drunk and bloodthirsty in the streets, stirred up
to-morrow's pudding in his garret, while his lean
wife and the baby sallied out to buy the beef.

Well, all day him and the king was hard at it, rigging up a stage and a
curtain and a row of candles for footlights; and that night the house
was jam full of men in no time. When the place couldn’t hold no more,
the duke he quit tending door and went around the back way and come on
to the stage and stood up before the curtain and made a little speech,
and praised up this tragedy, and said it was the most thrillingest one
that ever was; and so he went on a-bragging about the tragedy, and
about Edmund Kean the Elder, which was to play the main principal part
in it; and at last when he’d got everybody’s expectations up high
enough, he rolled up the curtain, and the next minute the king come
a-prancing out on all fours, naked; and he was painted all over,
ring-streaked-and-striped, all sorts of colors, as splendid as a
rainbow. And—but never mind the rest of his outfit; it was just wild,
but it was awful funny. The people most killed themselves laughing; and
when the king got done capering and capered off behind the scenes, they
roared and clapped and stormed and haw-hawed till he come back and done
it over again, and after that they made him do it another time. Well,
it would make a cow laugh to see the shines that old idiot cut.

After a week spent in professions of love and schemes of felicity, Mr.
Collins was called from his amiable Charlotte by the arrival of
Saturday. The pain of separation, however, might be alleviated on his
side by preparations for the reception of his bride, as he had reason to
hope, that shortly after his next return into Hertfordshire, the day
would be fixed that was to make him the happiest of men. He took leave
of his relations at Longbourn with as much solemnity as before; wished
his fair cousins health and happiness again, and promised their father
another letter of thanks.

Meanwhile, councils went on in the kitchen at home, fraught with almost
insupportable aggravation to my exasperated spirit. That ass,
Pumblechook, used often to come over of a night for the purpose of
discussing my prospects with my sister; and I really do believe (to
this hour with less penitence than I ought to feel), that if these
hands could have taken a linchpin out of his chaise-cart, they would
have done it. The miserable man was a man of that confined stolidity of
mind, that he could not discuss my prospects without having me before
him,—as it were, to operate upon,—and he would drag me up from my stool
(usually by the collar) where I was quiet in a corner, and, putting me
before the fire as if I were going to be cooked, would begin by saying,
“Now, Mum, here is this boy! Here is this boy which you brought up by
hand. Hold up your head, boy, and be forever grateful unto them which
so did do. Now, Mum, with respections to this boy!” And then he would
rumple my hair the wrong way,—which from my earliest remembrance, as
already hinted, I have in my soul denied the right of any
fellow-creature to do,—and would hold me before him by the sleeve,—a
spectacle of imbecility only to be equalled by himself.